[Applause]
my mayoral campaigns been getting a lot
of attention from media in Canada and
there were a lot of stories on the
subject including this from the CBC as
we were coming in here if you can look
at the sign just behind me Jimmy loves
dildo Kimmel for mayor these signs are
peppered all over a dildo as far as this
goes for Jimmy for mayor look I've
covered a few political campaigns and I
haven't seen one so one side up before
so we will I think he's got a pretty
good shot local economy its peak tourism
season and dildo and the weather isn't
the only reason Jimmy Kimmel's run for
mayor has the town and tourists talking
I was crazy yeah it really is people
never seen some bigger crowd before me
life friends and st. John said
recommended that we come here and we
heard about it through Jimmy Kimmel well
I've been everywhere else that you can
poke a stick but I haven't been to do
that
I think I found my first lady so you're
not haven't even been elected I'll
already taking they'll go to the top my
team has been working very hard
spreading the word posting signs all
over town you can see they've got signs
on on bridges there you got signs
basically we're turning what was once a
pristine village into a poster covered
mess but most of the signs are being
stolen
which is fine stealing will be allowed
under my administration in build oh but
let's go live now to one of the most
popular spots in town the dildo
boathouse in where Guillermo has
gathered everything is bright Jimmy
great I guess the most important
question is have you found any weed yet
I'll take that as a yes all right have a
nut for you oh all right very good that
snug he's my best friend to dildo we've
got Andrew Karen John Dean and the
gentleman dressed as Elvis is Dennis the
owner of The Boathouse denna are there
other Elvis's in dildo Dennis I don't
know ignore what about other Dennis's
are there any other Dennis is there a
few dentists is all right and we have
dildo royalty in the house tonight
Lloyd pretty who is known as Captain
dildo the town mascot hi Lloyd how are
you
[Applause]
why aren't you dressed as Captain dildo
right now Lloyd that's a little too hot
here for that too hot okay you do have
the captain dildo statue now this is the
official statues not the one that was
stolen recently correct no it's not okay
and let's get a closer look at Captain
dildo because I think that this is
something kids are really gonna love can
we make that a little less terrifying
when I become mayor okay yeah Moe what'd
you do today what was your day like Jim
it would be to compete for you you've
been campaigning not complaining Bilbo
is all yours Jimmy oh oh you think so is
this a hundred percent the reaction been
positive yes of course
oh well that's great news I'm and I'm
excited to announce I'm ready to unveil
my first campaign ad are you guys ready
to see it can you won't see me there way
up in Newfoundland which turns out is in
Canada there's a special place a little
gem of a city that needs a leader that
place is dildo and that leader is me my
history with dildo goes back weeks I
didn't know like who was like Jimmy
Kimmel and I had to go on Google and
make some source because I don't watch
TV even though we haven't met I know
dildo people like the city you love I am
flexible but firm and as mayor I will
fight for you not with you I will bring
back dildo pride and I'll protect your
scenic shores with a sweeping new
environmental plan dildo needs a captain
I would love to steer this ship jimmy
kimmel mayor of dildo
paid for by my best friend
thanks guys keep up the good work I want
you to know I will not disappoint you
when I am elected mayor I will bend over
backwards for dildo okay see you
tomorrow night
hi I'm Jimmy Kimmel and this is the
Internet I made it myself
hit subscribe if you like it